W-11999366 connected app cli login bsj (#78)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/bat-command-reference.adoc

== Permissions Required

To use all of the `bat` commands to execute the corresponding actions in Anypoint Platform, you must have the following permissions. 

[options="header,footer"]
|=======================
|Permission |Actions
|Create Applications (Runtime Manager) |Create private locations
|Delete Applications (Runtime Manager) |Delete private locations
|Manage Settings (Runtime Manager) |Update private locations
|View Environment |Log in using BAT CLI
|View Organization |Use Secrets Manager through BAT CLI
|Exchange Contributor (Exchange)| Create or modify a monitor; add or modify a schedule
|Exchange Administrator (Exchange)| Create, modify, or delete a monitor; add, modify, or delete a schedule 
|Grant access to secrets (Secrets Manager) |Use Secrets Manager
|=======================

== Login Options

To use the `bat` commands to execute API Functional Monitoring actions, you must first log in using one of the following login methods. 

=== Login Using Connected Apps

`bat [login --client-id --client-secret [--profile=<value>] --host=<value>]`

> This option logs into an Anypoint Platform account using the client ID and client secret from a connected app. For information on connected apps, which are configured by organization administrators, see xref:access-management::connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps]. This provides an alternative way to log in using MFA (multi-factor authentication), so that a second factor is not required. MFA is now required for non-SSO accounts unless they are on your organization's exemption list.

Reviewer: From our style guide: into < in to (in this context)

Author: Sorry I missed those. Fixed.

> This option logs into an Anypoint Platform account using the client ID and client secret from a connected app. For information on connected apps, which are configured by organization administrators, see xref:access-management::connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps]. This provides an alternative way to log in using MFA (multi-factor authentication), so that a second factor is not required. MFA is now required for non-SSO accounts unless they are on your organization's exemption list.

Reviewer: I suggest moving the "For more information" sentence  to the end of the paragraph orton in its own paragraph that follows thius one. To me, in its current location, it disrupts the important info that follows.

Author: Good point. I've moved it to the end.

> This option logs into an Anypoint Platform account using the client ID and client secret from a connected app. This provides an alternative way to log in using MFA (multi-factor authentication), so that a second factor is not required. MFA is now required for non-SSO accounts unless they are on your organization's exemption list. For information on connected apps, which are configured by organization administrators, see xref:access-management::connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option logs in to an Anypoint Platform account using the client ID and client secret from a connected app. This provides an alternative way to log in using MFA (multi-factor authentication), so that a second factor is not required. MFA is now required for non-SSO accounts unless they are on your organization's exemption list. For information on connected apps, which are configured by organization administrators, see xref:access-management::connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps].
```

> === Login Using Username and Password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Login Using a Username and Password
```

`bat [login --username=<value> [--profile=<value>] --host=<value>]`

> This option logs into an Anypoint Platform account using username and password. It displays an interactive command for the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option logs in to an Anypoint Platform account using a username and password. It displays an interactive command for the password.
```

This reference covers the syntax and key options you can use with the *bat* command. Using the *bat* command, you can debug and run tests, get credentials for scheduling tests, schedule tests, list test schedules, and perform additional operations.

For commands to execute successfully, the account under which the BAT CLI logs in must have the required permissions for the action the command is executing. 

== bat Command Syntax

The `bat` command provides an API Functional Monitoring command line interface.

`bat [<file> ... | <option> ...]`

`bat [login --client-id --client-secret [--profile=<value>] --host=<value>]`

> This option uses the client ID and client secret from a connected app. For information on connected apps, which are configured by Anypoint Platform administrators, see xref:access-management::connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps]. You must log in through a connected app if your Anypoint Platform account requires multi-factor authentication (MFA). MFA is required for non-SSO accounts beginning in October 29. 2022 unless they are on your organization's exemption list.

Reviewer 2: The ones that control and manage the connected apps are the Organization Administrators, not Anypoint Platform admins.

This reference covers the syntax and key options you can use with the *bat* command. Using the *bat* command, you can debug and run tests, get credentials for scheduling tests, schedule tests, list test schedules, and perform additional operations.

For commands to execute successfully, the account under which the BAT CLI logs in must have the required permissions for the action the command is executing. 

== Permissions Required

To use all of the BAT commands to execute the corresponding actions in Anypoint Platform, you must have the following permissions. 

[options="header,footer"]
|=======================
|Permission |Required For
|Create Applications (Runtime Manager) |Create private locations
|Delete Applications (Runtime Manager) |Delete private locations

> |Manage Settings (Runtime Manager) |Manage private locations

Reviewer 2: I would point updating private locations here

|View Environment |Log in using BAT CLI

> |View Organization |Log in through a connected app using BAT CLI

Reviewer 2: This one is used for internal use from secrets manager team to check the org entitlements. So it's only needed for Use secrets manager through BAT CLI

|Exchange Contributor (Exchange)| Create or modify a monitor, add or modify a schedule
|Exchange Administrator (Exchange)| Create, modify, or delete a monitor, Add, modify, or delete a schedule 

> |Grant access to secrets (Secrets Manager) |Use secrets manager through BAT CLI

Reviewer 2: This one is for everyone, not just the CLI

+
Use this option with each `bat` command if your system requires that you access Anypoint Platform through a proxy. 

* `--client-id`
+

> The client ID from your connected app. You must use this option with the login command if you are logging in using a connected app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client ID from your connected app. You must use this option with the login command if you log in using a connected app. 
```

* `--client-secret`
+

> The client secret from your connected app. You must use this option with the login command if you are logging in using a connected app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client secret from your connected app. You must use this option with the login command if you log in using a connected app. 
```
